feat(nomad): improved nomad support (#798)
hetznercloud/csi-driver: nomad/README.md

> # Nomad Development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Nomad
```

> There is no official support from our side for Nomad. Nonetheless, we would still like to offer a satisfying developer experience and have automated e2e tests to avoid breaking Nomad accidentally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hetzner Cloud does not provide official support for running the CSI driver in Nomad. Nonetheless, we would still like to offer a satisfying developer experience and have automated e2e tests to avoid breaking Nomad accidentally.
```
